README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/onmax/nimiq-awesome" target="_blank">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/onmax/nimiq-awesome/HEAD/.github/logo-dark.svg">
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/onmax/nimiq-awesome/HEAD/.github/logo-light.svg">
      <img alt="Nimiq Awesome" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/onmax/nimiq-awesome/HEAD/.github/logo-light.svg" width="350" height="70" style="max-width: 100%;">
    </picture>
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  A curated selection of projects, apps, and libraries built on the Nimiq ecosystem.
</p>

> [!NOTE]
> Feel free to contribute by adding missing resources to the list. [Learn more](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Table of Contents

<!-- automd:with options="toc" -->
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Developer Resources](#developer-resources)
  - [Developer Tool](#developer-tool)
  - [Documentation](#documentation)
  - [Core](#core)
  - [RPC](#rpc)
  - [UI](#ui)
  - [Utils](#utils)
  - [Validator](#validator)
  - [Node](#node)
  - [Infrastructure](#infrastructure)
- [Apps](#apps)
  - [Wallets](#wallets)
  - [Infrastructure](#infrastructure)
  - [E-commerce](#e-commerce)
  - [Games](#games)
  - [Insights](#insights)
  - [Promotion](#promotion)
  - [Bots](#bots)
- [Exchanges](#exchanges)
<!-- /automd -->

---


<!-- automd:file src="./src/resources.md" -->
## Developer Resources

### Developer Tool

- [Nimiq Hub](https://hub.nimiq.com) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq/hub)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Unified interface for accounts, addresses, and contracts
- [Nimiq Keyguard](https://keyguard.nimiq.com) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq/keyguard)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Secure key management and transaction signing
- [Nimiq Demo Project](https://github.com/nimiq/nimiq-demo) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq/nimiq-demo)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Simple project demonstrating wallet and transaction functions
- [Nimiq Playground](https://nimiq-playground.pages.dev) ([Source](https://github.com/onmax/nimiq-playground)) ([@onmax](https://github.com/onmax)): Online IDE for testing and experimenting with Nimiq code
- [Nimiq Cashlink Bulk Generator](https://github.com/nimiq/cashlink-generator) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq/cashlink-generator/tree/master)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Tool to create and manage NIM cashlinks in bulk
- [Nimiq MCP Server](https://github.com/onmax/nimiq-mcp) ([Source](https://github.com/onmax/nimiq-mcp)) ([@onmax](https://github.com/onmax)): Model Context Protocol server for AI integration with Nimiq blockchain
- [Nimiq Tools](https://nimiq-tools.github.io) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq-tools/nimiq-tools.github.io)) ([@eligioo](https://github.com/eligioo)): Set of Nimiq tools for both online and offline usage including address management, balance checking, transaction generation, and message signing

### Documentation

- [Nimiq Developer Center](https://nimiq.com/developers) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq/developer-center)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Official documentation for the Nimiq ecosystem
- [NimiqHub RPC Docs](https://www.nimiqhub.com/docs/rpc) ([@DovAzencot](https://github.com/DovAzencot)): Documentation for the Nimiq JSON-RPC interface
- [Nimiq Tutorial](https://nimiq.guide) ([Source](https://github.com/onmax/nimiq-tutorial)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Learn how to build decentralized applications with the Nimiq blockchain using the Web Client

### Core

- [Nimiq Core Rust](https://github.com/nimiq/core-rs-albatross) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq/core-rs-albatross)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Rust implementation of Nimiq consensus (Albatross/PoS)
- [Nimiq Gleam](https://github.com/sisou/nimiq_gleam) ([Source](https://github.com/sisou/nimiq_gleam)) ([@sisou](https://github.com/sisou)): Modules and helpers for Nimiq in Gleam
- [Nim Log](https://nimlog.paberr.net/history.html) ([@paberr](https://github.com/paberr)): Explorer for Nimiq blockchain logs and transactions

### RPC

- [Open RPC server](https://rpc.nimiqwatch.com) ([@sisou](https://github.com/sisou)): A public JSON-RPC server to make initial developments easier
- [Nimiq JSON-RPC Client for Gleam](https://github.com/sisou/gleam-nimiq-rpc) ([Source](https://github.com/sisou/gleam-nimiq-rpc)) ([@sisou](https://github.com/sisou)): Gleam library for Nimiq JSON-RPC interaction
- [Albatross RPC Client TS](https://github.com/onmax/albatross-rpc-client-ts) ([Source](https://github.com/onmax/albatross-rpc-client-ts)) ([@onmax](https://github.com/onmax)): Fully typed RPC client for Nimiq in TypeScript
- [Nimiq RPC Client for TS](https://jsr.io/@blouflash/nimiq-rpc) ([Source](https://jsr.io/@blouflash/nimiq-rpc)) ([@blouflash](https://github.com/blouflash)): JSON-RPC client for Nimiq blockchain

### UI

- [Nimiq Style Framework](https://nimiq.github.io/nimiq-style) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Official CSS framework with Nimiq colors and fonts
- [Nimiq CSS](https://github.com/onmax/nimiq-ui/tree/main/packages/nimiq-css) ([Source](https://github.com/onmax/nimiq-ui/tree/main/packages/nimiq-css)) ([@onmax](https://github.com/onmax)): Modern CSS library for Nimiq styling with UnoCSS/Tailwind presets
- [Nimiq Icons](https://www.nimiq.com/developers/build/ui/design/icons) ([Source](https://github.com/onmax/nimiq-ui/tree/main/packages/nimiq-icons)) ([@onmax](https://github.com/onmax)): Icon set for Nimiq, ready for any framework
- [Nimiq Identicons](https://github.com/nimiq/identicons) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq/identicons)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): JS library for generating identicons from Nimiq addresses
- [Identicons ESM](https://onmax.github.io/nimiq-identicons) ([Source](https://github.com/onmax/nimiq-identicons)) ([@onmax](https://github.com/onmax)): Fork of Nimiq Identicons with ESM and TS support

### Utils

- [Nimiq Utils](https://github.com/nimiq/nimiq-utils) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq/nimiq-utils)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Collection of JS utilities for Nimiq
- [Nimiq Nuxt Module](https://github.com/blouflashdb/nimiq-nuxt-module) ([Source](https://github.com/blouflashdb/nimiq-nuxt-module)) ([@blouflashdb](https://github.com/blouflashdb)): Nuxt 3 module for integrating a Nimiq client in Vue apps

### Validator

- [Validators Dashboard & API](https://validators-api-mainnet.nuxt.dev) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq/validators-api)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Dashboard and API for monitoring validators
- [Telegram Bot for Staking Notifications](https://github.com/Albermonte/validator-election-bot) ([Source](https://github.com/Albermonte/validator-election-bot)) ([@albermonte](https://github.com/albermonte)): Sends alerts about validator elections on Telegram

### Node

- [arpl](https://github.com/sisou/arpl) ([Source](https://github.com/sisou/arpl)) ([@sisou](https://github.com/sisou)): CLI tool for remote management of Nimiq nodes
- [Postgres Chain Mirror](https://github.com/sisou/bun-drizzle-chain-mirror) ([Source](https://github.com/sisou/bun-drizzle-chain-mirror)) ([@sisou](https://github.com/sisou)): Mirrors Nimiq blockchain data into a PostgreSQL database

### Infrastructure

- [Nimiq Albatross Node in Docker](https://hub.docker.com/r/maestroi/nimiq-albatross) ([@maestroi](https://github.com/maestroi)): Docker image for running a Nimiq full/validator node

<!-- /automd -->


---

> [!NOTE]
> If you are interested in starting your journey building in the Nimiq Ecosystem, you can start by checking the [Nimiq Developer Center](https://nimiq.com/developers/). Enjoy building on Nimiq!


<!-- automd:file src="./src/apps.md" -->
## Apps

### Wallets

- [Nimiq Pay App](https://nimiq.com/nimiq-pay) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): The Nimiq Wallet has it all. Super easy usability. Own the keys. Connect directly to the blockchain. Buy and sell and much more. Supports Bitcoin and NIM Decentralized
- [Nimiq Wallet](https://wallet.nimiq.com) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): The Nimiq Wallet has it all. Super easy usability. Own the keys. Connect directly to the blockchain. Buy, sell, and much more. Available without sign-up. Decentralized
- [Trust Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/nimiq-wallet) ([@trustwallet](https://github.com/trustwallet)): A wallet app for managing your coins on Android and iOS.

### Infrastructure

- [NIM Donations](https://www.nimiq.com/accept-donations) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Easily receive donations by creating a personalized button or QR code.

### E-commerce

- [Cryptopayment.link](https://cryptopayment.link) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Get paid in crypto! Charge your customers with Nimiq, Bitcoin or Ethereum. Create a custom link and QR code in seconds.
- [Nimiq Shop](https://shop.nimiq.com) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Use your NIM to get Nimiq Swag. Experience the swift Nimiq Checkout.
- [Nimiq Game Store](https://nimiq-game-store.paulgertz.com) ([@paulghz](https://github.com/paulghz)): Buy PC games with NIM and experience the Nimiq Checkout.

### Games

- [Nimtris](https://nimtris.com) ([@Eligioo](https://github.com/Eligioo)): Nimtris is a fun way to introduce people to Nimiq and cryptocurrencies. Set up an account and start earning some NIM by playing a Tetris-like game.
- [Nimiq Sunset Cyberspace](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nimiqsunsetcyberspace) ([@albermonte](https://github.com/albermonte)): Score points, beat your own records and earn as many NIM as you can!
- [NimWorld](https://world.nimpowered.com) ([@paulghz](https://github.com/paulghz)): A pixel war / million dollar page on a world map powered by Nimiq blockchain
- [Pixels](https://pixels.nimpowered.com) ([@paulghz](https://github.com/paulghz)): A 2048 x 1024 drawing canvas where you can draw pixels with NIM. Draw up to 8 pixels per transaction starting from 0.1 NIM.
- [Nimiq 2048](https://2048.nimiq.com) ([@maestroi](https://github.com/maestroi)): A Nimiq-themed version of the popular 2048 game.

### Insights

- [Crypto Map](https://map.nimiq.com) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Discover the best places to buy with crypto. Find crypto-friendly locations worldwide in our map. Start spending your crypto today!
- [Nimiq.watch](https://nimiq.watch) ([@sisou](https://github.com/sisou)): Nimiq Blockchain Explorer.
- [NimiqHub](https://www.nimiqhub.com) ([@DovAzencot](https://github.com/DovAzencot)): Nimiq Blockchain Explorer.
- [Staking Calculator](https://www.nimiq.com/staking-calculator) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Empowered by Albatross, Nimiq's unique Proof-of-Stake algorithm, even small amounts of NIM can generate rewards. Plan ahead for staking and calculate your potential rewards with the Nimiq Staking Calculator.

### Promotion

- [Nimiq Gift Cards](https://www.nimiq.com/cards) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Treat your friends and family to the future of money! Find different gift card themes for different Holidays! Gift NIM today!

### Bots

- [Twini](https://github.com/Eligioo/twinibot-telegram) ([@Eligioo](https://github.com/Eligioo)): Frictionless donations with NIM for Twitch.tv
- [Nimiq Tip Bot](https://t.me/NimiqTipBot) ([@albermonte](https://github.com/albermonte)): A Tip Bot to Tip Humans, using the Nimiq tech

<!-- /automd -->

<!-- automd:file src="./src/exchanges.md" -->
## Exchanges

Where you can buy, sell, or trade Nimiq:

- [AscendEX](https://ascendex.com/en)
- [Changehero](https://changehero.io/)
- [Changelly](https://changelly.com/)
- [CoinEx](https://www.coinex.com/en)
- [Coinpay](https://coinpay.cr/)
- [Coinspot](https://www.coinspot.com.au/)
- [CoinSwitch](https://coinswitch.co/)
- [Gate.io](https://gate.io/)
- [HitBTC](https://hitbtc.com/)
- [Kriptomat](https://kriptomat.io/)
- [Kucoin](https://www.kucoin.com/trade)
- [MEXC](https://www.mexc.com/)
- [SimpleSwap](https://simpleswap.io/)
- [StealthEX](https://stealthex.io/)
- [Swapspace](https://swapspace.co/)
- [Swapzone](https://swapzone.io/)

<!-- /automd -->

Commit message:

add nimiq account api gleam to resources

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/onmax/nimiq-awesome" target="_blank">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/onmax/nimiq-awesome/HEAD/.github/logo-dark.svg">
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/onmax/nimiq-awesome/HEAD/.github/logo-light.svg">
      <img alt="Nimiq Awesome" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/onmax/nimiq-awesome/HEAD/.github/logo-light.svg" width="350" height="70" style="max-width: 100%;">
    </picture>
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  A curated selection of projects, apps, and libraries built on the Nimiq ecosystem.
</p>

> [!NOTE]
> Feel free to contribute by adding missing resources to the list. [Learn more](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Table of Contents

<!-- automd:with options="toc" -->
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Developer Resources](#developer-resources)
  - [Developer Tool](#developer-tool)
  - [Documentation](#documentation)
  - [Core](#core)
  - [RPC](#rpc)
  - [UI](#ui)
  - [Utils](#utils)
  - [Validator](#validator)
  - [Node](#node)
  - [Infrastructure](#infrastructure)
- [Apps](#apps)
  - [Wallets](#wallets)
  - [Infrastructure](#infrastructure)
  - [E-commerce](#e-commerce)
  - [Games](#games)
  - [Insights](#insights)
  - [Promotion](#promotion)
  - [Bots](#bots)
- [Exchanges](#exchanges)
<!-- /automd -->

---


<!-- automd:file src="./src/resources.md" -->
## Developer Resources

### Developer Tool

- [Nimiq Hub](https://hub.nimiq.com) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq/hub)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Unified interface for accounts, addresses, and contracts
- [Nimiq Keyguard](https://keyguard.nimiq.com) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq/keyguard)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Secure key management and transaction signing
- [Nimiq Demo Project](https://github.com/nimiq/nimiq-demo) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq/nimiq-demo)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Simple project demonstrating wallet and transaction functions
- [Nimiq Playground](https://nimiq-playground.pages.dev) ([Source](https://github.com/onmax/nimiq-playground)) ([@onmax](https://github.com/onmax)): Online IDE for testing and experimenting with Nimiq code
- [Nimiq Cashlink Bulk Generator](https://github.com/nimiq/cashlink-generator) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq/cashlink-generator/tree/master)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Tool to create and manage NIM cashlinks in bulk
- [Nimiq MCP Server](https://github.com/onmax/nimiq-mcp) ([Source](https://github.com/onmax/nimiq-mcp)) ([@onmax](https://github.com/onmax)): Model Context Protocol server for AI integration with Nimiq blockchain
- [Nimiq Tools](https://nimiq-tools.github.io) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq-tools/nimiq-tools.github.io)) ([@eligioo](https://github.com/eligioo)): Set of Nimiq tools for both online and offline usage including address management, balance checking, transaction generation, and message signing

### Documentation

- [Nimiq Developer Center](https://nimiq.com/developers) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq/developer-center)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Official documentation for the Nimiq ecosystem
- [NimiqHub RPC Docs](https://www.nimiqhub.com/docs/rpc) ([@DovAzencot](https://github.com/DovAzencot)): Documentation for the Nimiq JSON-RPC interface
- [Nimiq Tutorial](https://nimiq.guide) ([Source](https://github.com/onmax/nimiq-tutorial)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Learn how to build decentralized applications with the Nimiq blockchain using the Web Client

### Core

- [Nimiq Core Rust](https://github.com/nimiq/core-rs-albatross) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq/core-rs-albatross)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Rust implementation of Nimiq consensus (Albatross/PoS)
- [Nimiq Gleam](https://github.com/sisou/nimiq_gleam) ([Source](https://github.com/sisou/nimiq_gleam)) ([@sisou](https://github.com/sisou)): Modules and helpers for Nimiq in Gleam
- [Nim Log](https://nimlog.paberr.net/history.html) ([@paberr](https://github.com/paberr)): Explorer for Nimiq blockchain logs and transactions

### RPC

- [Open RPC server](https://rpc.nimiqwatch.com) ([@sisou](https://github.com/sisou)): A public JSON-RPC server to make initial developments easier
- [Nimiq JSON-RPC Client for Gleam](https://github.com/sisou/gleam-nimiq-rpc) ([Source](https://github.com/sisou/gleam-nimiq-rpc)) ([@sisou](https://github.com/sisou)): Gleam library for Nimiq JSON-RPC interaction
- [Albatross RPC Client TS](https://github.com/onmax/albatross-rpc-client-ts) ([Source](https://github.com/onmax/albatross-rpc-client-ts)) ([@onmax](https://github.com/onmax)): Fully typed RPC client for Nimiq in TypeScript
- [Nimiq RPC Client for TS](https://jsr.io/@blouflash/nimiq-rpc) ([Source](https://jsr.io/@blouflash/nimiq-rpc)) ([@blouflash](https://github.com/blouflash)): JSON-RPC client for Nimiq blockchain
- [Nimiq Account API Gleam](https://github.com/sisou/nimiq_account_api_gleam) ([Source](https://github.com/sisou/nimiq_account_api_gleam)) ([@sisou](https://github.com/sisou)): Basic Nimiq account API service for checking addresses and sending to fixed recipients

### UI

- [Nimiq Style Framework](https://nimiq.github.io/nimiq-style) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Official CSS framework with Nimiq colors and fonts
- [Nimiq CSS](https://github.com/onmax/nimiq-ui/tree/main/packages/nimiq-css) ([Source](https://github.com/onmax/nimiq-ui/tree/main/packages/nimiq-css)) ([@onmax](https://github.com/onmax)): Modern CSS library for Nimiq styling with UnoCSS/Tailwind presets
- [Nimiq Icons](https://www.nimiq.com/developers/build/ui/design/icons) ([Source](https://github.com/onmax/nimiq-ui/tree/main/packages/nimiq-icons)) ([@onmax](https://github.com/onmax)): Icon set for Nimiq, ready for any framework
- [Nimiq Identicons](https://github.com/nimiq/identicons) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq/identicons)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): JS library for generating identicons from Nimiq addresses
- [Identicons ESM](https://onmax.github.io/nimiq-identicons) ([Source](https://github.com/onmax/nimiq-identicons)) ([@onmax](https://github.com/onmax)): Fork of Nimiq Identicons with ESM and TS support

### Utils

- [Nimiq Utils](https://github.com/nimiq/nimiq-utils) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq/nimiq-utils)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Collection of JS utilities for Nimiq
- [Nimiq Nuxt Module](https://github.com/blouflashdb/nimiq-nuxt-module) ([Source](https://github.com/blouflashdb/nimiq-nuxt-module)) ([@blouflashdb](https://github.com/blouflashdb)): Nuxt 3 module for integrating a Nimiq client in Vue apps

### Validator

- [Validators Dashboard & API](https://validators-api-mainnet.nuxt.dev) ([Source](https://github.com/nimiq/validators-api)) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Dashboard and API for monitoring validators
- [Telegram Bot for Staking Notifications](https://github.com/Albermonte/validator-election-bot) ([Source](https://github.com/Albermonte/validator-election-bot)) ([@albermonte](https://github.com/albermonte)): Sends alerts about validator elections on Telegram

### Node

- [arpl](https://github.com/sisou/arpl) ([Source](https://github.com/sisou/arpl)) ([@sisou](https://github.com/sisou)): CLI tool for remote management of Nimiq nodes
- [Postgres Chain Mirror](https://github.com/sisou/bun-drizzle-chain-mirror) ([Source](https://github.com/sisou/bun-drizzle-chain-mirror)) ([@sisou](https://github.com/sisou)): Mirrors Nimiq blockchain data into a PostgreSQL database

### Infrastructure

- [Nimiq Albatross Node in Docker](https://hub.docker.com/r/maestroi/nimiq-albatross) ([@maestroi](https://github.com/maestroi)): Docker image for running a Nimiq full/validator node

<!-- /automd -->


---

> [!NOTE]
> If you are interested in starting your journey building in the Nimiq Ecosystem, you can start by checking the [Nimiq Developer Center](https://nimiq.com/developers/). Enjoy building on Nimiq!


<!-- automd:file src="./src/apps.md" -->
## Apps

### Wallets

- [Nimiq Pay App](https://nimiq.com/nimiq-pay) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): The Nimiq Wallet has it all. Super easy usability. Own the keys. Connect directly to the blockchain. Buy and sell and much more. Supports Bitcoin and NIM Decentralized
- [Nimiq Wallet](https://wallet.nimiq.com) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): The Nimiq Wallet has it all. Super easy usability. Own the keys. Connect directly to the blockchain. Buy, sell, and much more. Available without sign-up. Decentralized
- [Trust Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/nimiq-wallet) ([@trustwallet](https://github.com/trustwallet)): A wallet app for managing your coins on Android and iOS.

### Infrastructure

- [NIM Donations](https://www.nimiq.com/accept-donations) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Easily receive donations by creating a personalized button or QR code.

### E-commerce

- [Cryptopayment.link](https://cryptopayment.link) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Get paid in crypto! Charge your customers with Nimiq, Bitcoin or Ethereum. Create a custom link and QR code in seconds.
- [Nimiq Shop](https://shop.nimiq.com) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Use your NIM to get Nimiq Swag. Experience the swift Nimiq Checkout.
- [Nimiq Game Store](https://nimiq-game-store.paulgertz.com) ([@paulghz](https://github.com/paulghz)): Buy PC games with NIM and experience the Nimiq Checkout.

### Games

- [Nimtris](https://nimtris.com) ([@Eligioo](https://github.com/Eligioo)): Nimtris is a fun way to introduce people to Nimiq and cryptocurrencies. Set up an account and start earning some NIM by playing a Tetris-like game.
- [Nimiq Sunset Cyberspace](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nimiqsunsetcyberspace) ([@albermonte](https://github.com/albermonte)): Score points, beat your own records and earn as many NIM as you can!
- [NimWorld](https://world.nimpowered.com) ([@paulghz](https://github.com/paulghz)): A pixel war / million dollar page on a world map powered by Nimiq blockchain
- [Pixels](https://pixels.nimpowered.com) ([@paulghz](https://github.com/paulghz)): A 2048 x 1024 drawing canvas where you can draw pixels with NIM. Draw up to 8 pixels per transaction starting from 0.1 NIM.
- [Nimiq 2048](https://2048.nimiq.com) ([@maestroi](https://github.com/maestroi)): A Nimiq-themed version of the popular 2048 game.

### Insights

- [Crypto Map](https://map.nimiq.com) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Discover the best places to buy with crypto. Find crypto-friendly locations worldwide in our map. Start spending your crypto today!
- [Nimiq.watch](https://nimiq.watch) ([@sisou](https://github.com/sisou)): Nimiq Blockchain Explorer.
- [NimiqHub](https://www.nimiqhub.com) ([@DovAzencot](https://github.com/DovAzencot)): Nimiq Blockchain Explorer.
- [Staking Calculator](https://www.nimiq.com/staking-calculator) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Empowered by Albatross, Nimiq's unique Proof-of-Stake algorithm, even small amounts of NIM can generate rewards. Plan ahead for staking and calculate your potential rewards with the Nimiq Staking Calculator.

### Promotion

- [Nimiq Gift Cards](https://www.nimiq.com/cards) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Treat your friends and family to the future of money! Find different gift card themes for different Holidays! Gift NIM today!

### Bots

- [Twini](https://github.com/Eligioo/twinibot-telegram) ([@Eligioo](https://github.com/Eligioo)): Frictionless donations with NIM for Twitch.tv
- [Nimiq Tip Bot](https://t.me/NimiqTipBot) ([@albermonte](https://github.com/albermonte)): A Tip Bot to Tip Humans, using the Nimiq tech

<!-- /automd -->

<!-- automd:file src="./src/exchanges.md" -->
## Exchanges

Where you can buy, sell, or trade Nimiq:

- [AscendEX](https://ascendex.com/en)
- [Changehero](https://changehero.io/)
- [Changelly](https://changelly.com/)
- [CoinEx](https://www.coinex.com/en)
- [Coinpay](https://coinpay.cr/)
- [Coinspot](https://www.coinspot.com.au/)
- [CoinSwitch](https://coinswitch.co/)
- [Gate.io](https://gate.io/)
- [HitBTC](https://hitbtc.com/)
- [Kriptomat](https://kriptomat.io/)
- [Kucoin](https://www.kucoin.com/trade)
- [MEXC](https://www.mexc.com/)
- [SimpleSwap](https://simpleswap.io/)
- [StealthEX](https://stealthex.io/)
- [Swapspace](https://swapspace.co/)
- [Swapzone](https://swapzone.io/)

<!-- /automd -->
