src/apps.md, before:

## Apps

### Wallets

- [Nimiq Pay App](https://nimiq.com/nimiq-pay/) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): The Nimiq Wallet has it all. Super easy usability. Own the keys. Connect directly to the blockchain. Buy and sell and much more. Supports Bitcoin and NIM Decentralized
- [Nimiq Wallet](https://nimiq.com/wallet/) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): The Nimiq Wallet has it all. Super easy usability. Own the keys. Connect directly to the blockchain. Buy and sell and much more. Available without sign-up Decentralised
- [Trust Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/nimiq-wallet) ([@trustwallet](https://github.com/trustwallet)): A wallet app for managing your coins on Android and iOS.

### Infrastructure

- [NIM Donations](https://www.nimiq.com/accept-donations/) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Easily receive donations by creating a personalized button or QR code.

### E-commerce

- [Cryptopayment.link](https://cryptopayment.link/) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Get paid in crypto! Charge your customers with Nimiq, Bitcoin or Ethereum. Create a custom link and QR code in seconds.
- [Nimiq Shop](https://shop.nimiq.com/) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Use your NIM to get Nimiq Swag. Experience the swift Nimiq Checkout.
- [Nimiq Game Store](https://nimiq-game-store.paulgertz.com/) (Paul): Buy PC games with NIM and experience the Nimiq Checkout.

### Games

- [NimWorld](https://world.nimpowered.com/) (Unknown): A pixel war / million dollar page on a world map powered by Nimiq blockchain
- [Nimtris](https://nimtris.com/) ([@Eligioo](https://github.com/Eligioo)): Nimtris is a fun way to introduce people to Nimiq and cryptocurrencies. Set up an account and start earning some NIM by playing a Tetris-like game.d
- [Nimiq Sunset Cyberspace](https://play.google.com/store/src/details?id=com.nimiqsunsetcyberspace&hl=de&gl=US) ([@albermonte](https://github.com/albermonte)): Score points, beat your own records and earn as many NIM as you can!
- [Nimiq 2048](https://2048.nimiq.com/) ([@maestroi](https://github.com/maestroi)): A Nimiq-themed version of the popular 2048 game.

### Insights

- [Crypto Map](https://map.nimiq.com) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Discover the best places to buy with crypto. Find crypto-friendly locations worldwide in our map. Start spending your crypto today!
- [Nimiq.watch](https://nimiq.watch/) ([@sisou](https://github.com/sisou)): Nimiq Blockchain Explorer.
- [Staking Calculator](https://www.nimiq.com/staking-calculator/) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Empowered by Albatross, Nimiq's unique Proof-of-Stake algorithm, even small amounts of NIM can generate rewards. Plan ahead for staking and calculate your potential rewards with the Nimiq Staking Calculator.

### Promotion

- [Nimiq Gift Cards](https://www.nimiq.com/cards/) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Treat your friends and family to the future of money! Find different gift card themes for different Holidays! Gift NIM today!

### Bots

- [Twini](https://github.com/Eligioo/twinibot-telegram) ([@Eligioo](https://github.com/Eligioo)): Frictionless donations with NIM for Twitch.tv
- [Nimiq Tip Bot](https://t.me/NimiqTipBot) ([@albermonte](https://github.com/albermonte)): A Tip Bot to Tip Humans, using the Nimiq tech

Commit message:

feat: add Pixels and nimworld apps by @paulghz

src/apps.md, after:

## Apps

### Wallets

- [Nimiq Pay App](https://nimiq.com/nimiq-pay/) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): The Nimiq Wallet has it all. Super easy usability. Own the keys. Connect directly to the blockchain. Buy and sell and much more. Supports Bitcoin and NIM Decentralized
- [Nimiq Wallet](https://nimiq.com/wallet/) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): The Nimiq Wallet has it all. Super easy usability. Own the keys. Connect directly to the blockchain. Buy and sell and much more. Available without sign-up Decentralised
- [Trust Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/nimiq-wallet) ([@trustwallet](https://github.com/trustwallet)): A wallet app for managing your coins on Android and iOS.

### Infrastructure

- [NIM Donations](https://www.nimiq.com/accept-donations/) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Easily receive donations by creating a personalized button or QR code.

### E-commerce

- [Cryptopayment.link](https://cryptopayment.link/) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Get paid in crypto! Charge your customers with Nimiq, Bitcoin or Ethereum. Create a custom link and QR code in seconds.
- [Nimiq Shop](https://shop.nimiq.com/) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Use your NIM to get Nimiq Swag. Experience the swift Nimiq Checkout.
- [Nimiq Game Store](https://nimiq-game-store.paulgertz.com/) (Paul): Buy PC games with NIM and experience the Nimiq Checkout.

### Games

- [Pixels](https://pixels.nimpowered.com/) ([@paulghz](https://github.com/paulghz)): A 2048 x 1024 drawing canvas where you can draw pixels with NIM. Draw up to 8 pixels per transaction starting from 0.1 NIM.
- [nimworld](https://world.nimpowered.com/) ([@paulghz](https://github.com/paulghz)): Buy and customize tiles on a world map with 5670 available tiles. Color your tile and add messages, but beware - others can outbid you!
- [Nimtris](https://nimtris.com/) ([@Eligioo](https://github.com/Eligioo)): Nimtris is a fun way to introduce people to Nimiq and cryptocurrencies. Set up an account and start earning some NIM by playing a Tetris-like game.d
- [Nimiq Sunset Cyberspace](https://play.google.com/store/src/details?id=com.nimiqsunsetcyberspace&hl=de&gl=US) ([@albermonte](https://github.com/albermonte)): Score points, beat your own records and earn as many NIM as you can!
- [Nimiq 2048](https://2048.nimiq.com/) ([@maestroi](https://github.com/maestroi)): A Nimiq-themed version of the popular 2048 game.

### Insights

- [Crypto Map](https://map.nimiq.com) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Discover the best places to buy with crypto. Find crypto-friendly locations worldwide in our map. Start spending your crypto today!
- [Nimiq.watch](https://nimiq.watch/) ([@sisou](https://github.com/sisou)): Nimiq Blockchain Explorer.
- [Staking Calculator](https://www.nimiq.com/staking-calculator/) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Empowered by Albatross, Nimiq's unique Proof-of-Stake algorithm, even small amounts of NIM can generate rewards. Plan ahead for staking and calculate your potential rewards with the Nimiq Staking Calculator.

### Promotion

- [Nimiq Gift Cards](https://www.nimiq.com/cards/) ([@nimiq](https://github.com/nimiq)): Treat your friends and family to the future of money! Find different gift card themes for different Holidays! Gift NIM today!

### Bots

- [Twini](https://github.com/Eligioo/twinibot-telegram) ([@Eligioo](https://github.com/Eligioo)): Frictionless donations with NIM for Twitch.tv
- [Nimiq Tip Bot](https://t.me/NimiqTipBot) ([@albermonte](https://github.com/albermonte)): A Tip Bot to Tip Humans, using the Nimiq tech
